## Working With Humans

* Know your team
* Know your goals
* Break up work
* Work together
* Always be improving

<aside class="notes">
Everything I've talked about up to this point has pertained to the technological side of the upgrade process but an upgrade will be impossible if you don't have a good plan. Before deciding on upgrading to Angular, you really need to make sure that everyone is on board. Make sure the intentions of the transtiion are clear and that you't not chasing technology for technology's sake. That can be fun but it can also build tension between team members. No two team members have the same skill level. Don't force Angular upon folks, but instead find ways to gently introduce it to folks. Make sure that you're providing the resources necesary for everyone to keep up. Consider creating spikes for transitioning code and break the work up into pieces that can be assigned to different teams/individuals. If everyone is working in the same area of the code base while learning at the same time, you're probably going to have a bad day. I really like the idea of creating spikes and sending out team members as scouts to investigate individual challenges and then report back with their feedback. Its a great opportunity to improve morale while at the same time not placing all the weight of the transition on a single individual (you probably). This is a great opportunity to take a look at your team development practices and find ways to improve. Do you have testing deficiencies? Are you using a linter? Do you have automated buid management? What about deployments? The start of a new project is a great time to ask these questions and hopefully find new solutions. Don't just jump into this. Have a plan.
</aside>